Revamp table BBEs (#3891)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/structured-keys/structured_keys.md

# Structured keys

> Key fields can be structured types as long as they belong to any subtype of plain data. Plain data is a simple value, a sequence value or a structured value where all members are plain data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key fields can be structured types as long as they belong to any subtype of plain data. Plain data is a simple value, a sequence value, or a structured value where all members are plain data.
```

The value of the key field must be immutable.

> The initializer of the readonly field will be constructed as immutable. When using `add`/`put` cloneReadOnly() can be used to create an immutable value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initializer of the read-only field will be constructed as immutable. When using `add`/`put`, `cloneReadOnly()` can be used to create an immutable value.
```

> The initializer of the read-only field will be constructed as immutable. When using `add`/`put`, `cloneReadOnly()` can be used to create an immutable value.

Reviewer 2: Shall we add the description in a single line? The contents in separate lines are rendered as separate paragraphs on the website.
